fix: proxy pitfalls (#39)
NextronSystems/analysis-cockpit-manual: maintenance/retention.rst

also be deleted with the Data Retention Policy, which can help you to
manage your disk space usage.

.. hint::

>    Date retention takes the import timestamp '@timestamp' into account to decide weather a event should be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Data Retention takes the import timestamp '@timestamp' into account to decide whether an event should be deleted or not.
```
